to Gaza now where the Israeli military
has killed at least 28 Palestinians in
Kanan yunes on Thursday the Army's been
carrying out unrelenting attacks on the
southern city targeting residential
districts thousands of displaced people
have been forced to flee to al- maasi
the Palestinian red Cresent says there's
no space for a single tent Israel
initially declared al- masasi is
so-called safe Zone and has attacked it
repeatedly meanwhile says it's targeted
Israeli tanks in canun the group says
its Fighters used explosives like as a
rocket propelled grenades to carry out
the attacks on Israeli military vehicles
in southern Gaza let's go to Tark abosom
he joins us from De alala in central
Gaza so uh TK let's start with the
latest strikes across Gaza what is the
very
latest yes in fact the Israeli armies is
still stepping up the military uh its
military attacks on the entire strip and
in the past hour exactly we have been
recording more air strikes on the
northern part of anat refugee camp one
Palestinian has been killed so far in a
in an attack on a residential flat the
attack has really caused a a great deal
of Destruction in the residential tower
that was targeted anded there is a very
growing concentration by the Israeli
military on attacking residential towers
that are overviewing the narim corridor
where it where are considered to be the
house of hundreds of Palestinian
families but apparently there is ongoing
strikes as well could we can clearly
over here from our location right now in
the Eastern areas of Alber refugee camp
in fact civil defense Crews said that
they are facing a remarkable challenge
in terms of accessing the easn areas
because of the Israeli military
existence their tanks uh the the tanks
alongside with their uh troops on the
ground have been hitting uh the
residential Towers and even residential
homes while the situation is incredibly
Grim in the south in the city of kanun
more than 150 Palestinians have been
killed since the beginning of the
military operation in the city there
ammed people are reporting on constant
artillery Shilling could be heard in the
Eastern areas where Hamas Fighters are
battling the Israeli invading troops in
that City we saw different videos for
the fighting raging there Amed people
are still fleeing looking for some sort
of safety in al- maasi area which is
which has been previously bombardment
bombarded and also some of them had come
to the central areas which is right now
covered by Israeli surveillance of
drones that continue to gather more
intelligence information about potential
targets to be later hit by these drones
or by fight Jets uh on the sky of the
central areas but the we need to remind
our viewers that the military operation
and Raad is still ongoing with very high
intensity where the uh satellite images
have showed a very mass destruction
being inflicted to areas that are
adjacent to Philadelphia Corridor and
also Israel is trying to create a puffer
Zone that that's why that they are
demolishing and blowing up full
residential squares to have some sort of
military clearance and to make some sort
of security uh uh uh burdens and even uh
borders with uh the Egyptian side in
order to guarantee that there are no
more threats going to be released from
the entire strep but the Grim reality is
that this buffer zone is going to
swallow more lands Amed more ongoing
pressure is still exerted by the Israeli
Army on Palestinian civilians who are
absolutely
nowhere do not know where to go till now
in light of this ongoing military
campaign okay thank you for that TK Abu
aoom there for us in De albala in
central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz